c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\VeterokCompany.exe.config
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\VeterokCompany.exe
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\VeterokCompany.pdb
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.Form1.resources
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.exe
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.pdb
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\VeterokCompany.DAL.dll
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\VeterokCompany.DAL.pdb
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.NewProduct.resources
C:\Users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.NewCategory.resources
C:\Users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.NewIngredients.resources
C:\Users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.StatisticSale.resources
C:\Users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.AddIngredients.resources
C:\Users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\DbVeterok.mdf
C:\Users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\DbVeterok_log.ldf
C:\Users\Ivan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.CodeProductIngredient.resources
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\VeterokCompany.exe.config
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.exe
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.pdb
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\DbVeterok.mdf
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\DbVeterok_log.ldf
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\VeterokCompany.exe
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\VeterokCompany.pdb
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\VeterokCompany.DAL.dll
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\VeterokCompany.DAL.pdb
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.AddIngredients.resources
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.CodeProductIngredient.resources
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.Form1.resources
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.NewCategory.resources
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.NewIngredients.resources
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.NewProduct.resources
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.StatisticSale.resources
D:\Переустановка\VeterokCompany\VeterokCompany\obj\Debug\VeterokCompany.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
